BD-2498: Update block sample message in Message Activity Log (#6305)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/administrative/app_settings/message_activity_log_tab.md

| Aborted Message Error | empty-cart_web | If you have an app with a cart or you create a send with an abort message in the Liquid, you can customize what message is returned to you if the send is aborted. In this case, the message returned is empty-cart_web.|
{: .reset-td-br-1 .reset-td-br-2 .reset-td-br-3}

### Why isn't my message listed here?

The messages in the Message Activity Log can come from a variety of sources: Braze, your apps or platforms, or our third-party partners. This means there is an infinite number of messages that could possibly appear in this log—as you can imagine, we can't list them all!

For example, some potential "Block" messages, in addition to the one listed in the preceding table, could be:

> - Unfortunately, messages from xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx weren't sent. Please contact your Internet Service provider since part of their network is on our block list.

Author: > messages from xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx weren't sent
Working with tech writing team to determine a standard for IP address placeholder, tbd

> - Unfortunately, messages from xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx weren't sent. Please contact your Internet Service provider since part of their network is on our block list.
> - Message rejected due to local policy.
> - The message was blocked by the receiver as spam.
> - Service unavailable, Client host xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx blocked using Spamhaus.

Author: ```suggestion
- Unfortunately, messages from [_IP_ADDRESS_] weren't sent. Please contact your Internet Service provider since part of their network is on our block list.
- Message rejected due to local policy.
- The message was blocked by the receiver as spam.
- Service unavailable, Client host [_IP_ADDRESS_] blocked using Spamhaus.
```
